♫ Only you. You... ♫
♫ My heart beats but I can't say anything  ♫
♫ I only look at you like this ♫
♫ Only you! You... ♫
♫ Only you. You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you...  ♫
[Oh My Baby]
[Dahan Hospital OB-GYN]
Excuse me, guardian. The patient left this.
She left by herself?
Yes.
There's a 7% chance of a natural pregnancy occurring, so pregnancy is not impossible.
However, your fertility will only continue to decrease.
If you have plans for a pregnancy, you can postpone the surgery for endometriosis.
What would you like to do?
Do you want to get the surgery, or prepare for pregnancy?
Then let's conduct another test in 6 months,
and have surgery then if your condition gets worse.
6 months?
Miss Jang Hari, what are you doing here?
I need to find the pharmacy but...
Are you feeling sick again?
Why... do I feel like it's all over?
There's no reason it would end like this.
Do you want to marry me?
I... won't question it for now, since it seems like something is going on.
What?
What are you not going to question?
The marriage. I'm not doing that.
With who?
With you.
Why would you... marry me?
Do you want to marry me?
No, that was just an expression of my extreme gratitude.
I meant I am so thankful, I could marry you...
Wow, thanks so much! I love you! Like...
This type of expression. Do you get it?
Not... at all.
Oh, you don't understand? I see...
I was too overboard in showing my gratitude. I'm really thankful.
I would be even more grateful if you could just forget everything that happened today, including this.
Wait...
You seem a bit flustered right now. Would you like a ride?
No, no, no, no... I'm fine now. I'm okay, you should go.
- Miss Jang Hari—
- I'm telling you, I'm fine. Why do you keep—
You're very... friendly.
Cut it out! Stop that, and come down already.
I said I'll do it. Goodness.
Hey, look at me. I'm a woman that can even change lightbulbs.
Why would I let you do these kinds of cool things? You just keep calm and watch the baby.
You're plenty attractive without changing the lights on the front door, so you should just make me do all the work.
I didn't welcome you in to make you do work.
The women of this household have lived without a man for 30 years.
Will that work? I have to repay you somehow. I'm the only man in this house now.
Just lift your spoon (lift and give sound similar in Korean). That's what you're supposed to do at your wife's house.
Wife's house?
I'm saying just think of this place as your wife's house, and be comfortable here.
Tell Hari to watch over Doha too. She'd do a great job.
Why would Hari watch Doha?
She's Doha's stepmo—
Stepmo—
New family member.
Oh, new family member.
Hari really loves children.
She's so good at watching over them. Okay?
I mean, I do know. But why...
Here, drink this.
You really didn't need to. Thank you.
You need to rejuvenate.
Wow, it's herbal medication.
I hoped someone of high reputation would come in but someone in this state came.
Mommy!
Teacher. Teacher.
Wow, really?
[My Mom, Ms. Hye Ok]
Yeah, Mom?
Are you busy?
No, I'm fine.
Can you come to Eun Joo's wedding this weekend?
I have a deadline to meet.
Isn't the deadline before the weekend?
Just stop by for a bit, your aunt will be upset.
I'll think about it.
What do you mean you'll think about it?
Is a deadline something life-threatening? You always use that as an excuse.
Your aunt knows you're avoiding events like weddings and baby showers on purpose!
What have you been doing while your young cousins are all getting married?
You look even more pathetic if you skip out on occasions like this.
You have to act confident and go congratulate them.
Did I commit some kind of sin?
What do you mean "be confident?"
Do you have to have a husband and some kids to be considered successful?
Okay, you brat.
Mom, I really...
What?
I'll cook for you, so come home early.
Forget it, I'm hanging up.
Come here, come here.
Why did you get here just now? The Department Head is really angry right now.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Department Head, you're here? Weren't you supposed to come back next week?
How could I not come out in a situation like this?
Why? It's all been resolved.
From now on, if the advertisement team messes up, make them fix it.
Why were you doing the pregnancy experiment?
It still helped our sales.
Then you can do the filming for Ego, too.
What?
Ego said they wouldn't renew the contract. I think the advertisement team has given up, so you should go and catch them.
Hand it over to Deputy Jang.
What? I worked hard getting that sponsorship.
Why would that come to me?
Why do you keep giving me more work? I'm not on the advertising—
If you want to disrespectfully lecture your superiors in front of your juniors,
then you should've been Chief Editor yourself.
Do you think I left my children at home for work to listen to your complaining?
I'll head home early and start on that tomorrow.
Do your work.
Hey, did you hear Kyungjin chose a date for next month?
That's what I'm saying. Everyone's really getting married now.
I heard Yongsook's son is going to Seyeon University?
Yeah.
Is your daughter going to college next year?
Yes.
Wow, time sure goes by fast.
[Episode 2 - Am I doing well?]
What the— Are they sleeping already, with all the lights off?
Oh, god! You scared me!
What are you doing?
You are full of all sorts... all sorts.
Here! Aunty asked me to give this to you. She says your cousin is getting married before you.
Not you, too.
That must be why you seem a little depressed.
Not really.
In my twenties, I thought I would get married when I was ready. In my thirties, it felt like an exam.
Like I had to study men and dating. I attended more blind dates than interviews.
Now that I am approaching my forties, I know that dating and marriage are impossible, no matter how hard I try.
Hey, what should I do now?
What do you mean, "what should you do"? Just give up. If life always happened as we wanted, no one would be living a crappy life.
Even then, wouldn't things have turned out better if I tried a little harder?
Well, it's just...
Since I regret losing yesterday, I am reflecting so that I don't lose tomorrow, too.
But how do you—
Nevermind.
What did you put on your stomach? Are you constipated? Remove it.
Let it be. This is my current regret and possible loss to come.
I want to stay like this for a while longer.
Fine. Do what you need to.
You are full of all sorts.
I came to ask you for a favor but seeing how you are, I don't think I need to ask.
What favor did you want to ask from me?
Hari looks like she's going to always be alone. I guess she has no plans to get married.
She is always going between work and home, work and home. What if she ends up alone?
Why do you say alone? She'll find someone and live a great life, I'm sure.
Jaeyong, stay beside her and support her.
You need to be with people in order to meet new people.
And then, both of you can just keep living together.
Aunty, why are you saying something so horrible?
My Hari is horrible?
It's a bit...
You know she and I are like real siblings.
That's what I am trying to say. Live together like real siblings.
Ugh, seriously!
She really does know how to make someone concerned.
Hey! Get up! Lets have a glass of soju. Get up!
Get lost!
Fine. Then let's have a beer.
Beer, this little—
What are you doing? Slapstick? Your face is funny looking enough already.
Here!
- Take this and leave. Don't come back again.
- What is this?
I bought underwear for Doha as a farewell present.
Goodbye. Let's not see each other again. Leave.
You even bought something like this.
Yes, since I bought something like that for you, please leave. I don't like seeing you.
I don't think I can leave. Our fates are like that.
What are you saying? Just leave, quickly. Go.
As a reward for this present...
should I introduce you to a guy?
Well... did I say I needed a man?
Do you really not need one? You seemed to be kicking yourself earlier about not having one.
Well, it seems a bit early to give up.
So, will you go on a blind date?
Forget it. There is no guarantee that I will meet a nice guy even if I try hard.
Well... if you know someone with a good personality,
if he has a fit body, and a good sense of humor,
I don't look at faces, so an average person would be nice.
What was that? Do you want to do it or no? If I know someone like that, are you saying yes?
If you know someone like that, then set it up for me.
There's too much going on in your head, right? Just pick one voice.
I'll use the underwear well, thank you.
Brush your teeth and go to sleep.
There's a 7% chance of a natural pregnancy occurring, so pregnancy is not impossible.
But as you age, those chances are going to keep decreasing.
Great, you're doing well.
I'll take a picture now!
♫  Feeling like I have fallen in love  ♫
Since I have never tried climbing before.
[Post]
♫  I'm feeling raindrops in my hair  ♫
[thebaby_sns]
[hari_jang_O.O]
Why is everything about babies?
[Like]
Doha, where's Daddy?
Doha! Daddy disappeared!
Here's Daddy!
My god!
You didn't have to come here. You could've just called.
Ha, this—
It's so sad, why would you come here?
There aren't a lot of kid zones around.
You've been out for five months, right? What about expenses?
I sold my house.
Aren't you going to go back to work?
I don't know. Finding someone to look after the baby all day is difficult.
Oh! What is this?
Junghwan asked me to give you this for child support.
If she is going to abandon our child and run away, tell her to mind her own business.
Being once married means that even after a divorce, it is difficult to become strangers.
Although, I succeeded in becoming strangers.
Bro!
Would you like to go on a blind date?
What is this uncomfortable thing?
- Team Leader!
- Yes?
- I ran into that person, Han Yisang.
- Huh?
After saying he didn't like me,
why is he liking my photos?
Should I make a fuss?
What is this? Why are you here?
Following people and sending likes, isn't that what you do on this app?
Are we close?
Do you only do that with people you are close to? You also follow people you don't know.
I only follow people I am close to.
Ah. Okay then, unfriend me.
I didn't accept your request so you should cancel it.
Okay!
You two are friends on social media?
You must be really close then. I hope you continue being close friends.
I think I should be upset about this situation.
You said I wouldn't see her.
I was trying to make sure you wouldn't but I didn't prepare at all and you met, so I'm in a tough spot.
Today... you dislike me a little more.
You said you were so thankful you could marry me.
It is my expression of extreme gratitude. I am so thankful, I could marry you.
Mr. Han Yisang! No, Team Leader Han, let's have a proper conversation.
Just the both of us.
You are not going to continue being at the studio, right?
Why?
Let's check our schedules, so we can avoid running into each other.
Do you find seeing me uncomfortable? I find seeing you uncomfortable.
I am actually all right now, do you still find me uncomfortable?
It would be strange if it was comfortable. The first time we met, you asked me to raise a dog.
If you say that, then I should be more uncomfortable with you.
- What do you mean?
- Don't you remember?
What would be uncomfor—
Oh my days!
Hey, where are you going?
Why are you doing this?
Just sit down.
Are you a misogynist?
- Excuse me?
- I mean... Well,
do you act like that whenever a girl shows an interest in you?
How did you develop that terrible prejudice?
A different prejudice is starting to form right now.
Do you think I won't understand because I'm drunk?
You're saying that you don't like me.
I don't like you either.
If I knew you were crazy, I wouldn't have built up the courage either.
You judged me correctly.
I'm not the type of guy you're looking for.
What are you going to do if you fall in love with me?
I'm saying that you'll really fall in love with me.
No matter how drunk someone is, who would do that?
You said I'd fall in love with you.
- Did you fall in love with me?
- No.
- Are you going to fall in love with me?
- Then, what do you want?
Why are you asking me that?
You're the one who said it.
No matter what, let's try to avoid one another to avoid any discomfort. So please cooperate.
- Okay.
- Let's work hard to never see each other.
- I will.
- That was quick and tidy. Here.
This is for mine.
What do you mean by that? You don't have the photo?
I have an interview with Yeonho. If the model is not here yet, what can we do?
- No, they said they're on their way.
- Do you really think that we can set up and finish shooting in one hour?
Yeonho said it was a meeting with a famous writer from abroad. I can't do both.
It's the cover shoot. We can't push it back. We have to shoot video, too.
It was hard to recruit Naeun, whose popularity is skyrocketing amongst the internet aunties.
- Aunt!
- See, I told you about the aunts!
Is he crazy or something?
Hello! I'm Choikang Eutteum from the Advertising Team.
You used to be an idol, right? I feel like I've seen you somewhere before!
No, no. I used both of my parents' last names, so it's Choikang.
- Ah, you use both last names.
- Eutteum, why are you here?
Department Head Kim told me it was an important advertisement, so they told me to come here and assist.
It's an important advertisement but they sent you?
I didn't know that they thought so highly of me either. I will do my best to help out!
Hari, we don't have time. Let's make a decision.
I'm not going to do it.
You won't do it?
Since you're not saying you can't, that means you can! Please just do it this once.
Your work is yours. My work is mine. We just agreed to use the space together.
This is a great part-time gig! You can get money, get the feel of things again, and feel good.
Why are you making our cover shoot sound like a practice round?
I'm just saying it for this.
Let's stop. We're being so obsequious.
I'm sorry for asking you to avoid me and then asking this favor.
But...
why do you make us face your back while talking to you?
It's... It's not even that broad of a back, either!
You're here! Oh, thanks for coming all this way.
- Hello!
Hey, Seungho! Look at the time. Time.
Time.
All right. Naeun, let's go with this. This setup. This setup.
- Hurry up and get ready! We don't have time!
- Since we don't have much time, I'll explain really concisely.
It's harmless to the human body, so it's fine if children suck on it.
- Please consider that point.
- You shouldn't eat it! It's dirty. It's dirty.
Yes... Well, if there's anything else you'd like us to emphasize.
Yes, and... it's very strong.
You know how children throw things while playing? Even if they throw it, it won't break easily.
This is so weak.
And... And... And...
Oh! Something urgent suddenly came up.
Would you be able to assemble it?
Oh, of course! I could do it with my eyes closed. Don't worry.
Thanks in advance.
Of course, goodbye.
- How much time do we have left?
- Seungho!
Seungho! Attention! What time is it?
- It's 3:50.
- Ten minutes left.
- My hands are shaking.
- We can do it.
This can't be it!
Auntie! Is this the right way to do this?
I'm really busy right now. Can you please just leave me alone?
Hari!
He's someone who shouldn't leave us alone.
Do I just need to put this in here?
So pretty.
No, no. It's not going to work.
- What are you doing?
- Oh, the thing is,
I really need to go to Yeonho. If something goes wrong, it will be a national disgrace.
What are you talking about? We can't find another time for Naeun.
Just a few. Please just take a few and go.
Give me the camera.
I don't like kids. You deal with her expressions.
What's the point?
Oh! Just get her to smile slightly to get a baby model feel
and make sure you can see the toys well! Here. There's a deadline, so...
I'll leave it to you! Sorry! Thanks!
I'm sorry!
Hi! Little princess. Here, here!
Naeun! Smile!
Excuse me, fix your face. The baby might cry.
Does my back still not look broad to you?
Now, it does look a little broader.
Naeun! Naeun!
Look! Look! Naeun! Bubbles!
So pretty! Do you like these bubbles, Naeun?
What about Section Chief Kim from the Publishing Team?
There's a rumor that he's gay.
What about Senior Oh from Monthly Fashion?
He's had a girlfriend for 7 years!
What should we do about Hari? It's really dark under
the lamp.
Office couples have a lot of sympathy for each other, understand each other well, and really understand each other's struggles. It's really ideal.
But it's hard to find.
- You, do you want to date someone at our office?
- No! Our office sucks!
Look. She works here but for a boyfriend, it's not great.
If you look at office workers, they gossip behind other people's backs. It's not like people have eyes behind their heads.
I'm dating Seungho from the Video Team.
- Since when?
The day that Senior Hari said that she was my future, I confessed my feelings to him.
- That's admirable.
- Thank you.
The conclusion is that at an office where men and women are together, there is a reason that there are office couples.
If we can't find him outside, we have to keep an eye on the palace.
Well, he'll be at the shop anyway.
I'm on my way because I have some stuff to do in Gangnam. If I sell in Gangnam, ah, how much did you sell?
Okay. Yes!
Oh, Hari.
- Are you going on a blind date?
- No.
Even if you're not going on a blind date, can you carry all those heavy things in that outfit?
It's the weekend so taxis will be hard to find, too. Hey! You should take her. You said you were going to Gangnam.
- I'm not going.
- You're not?
It's fine.
I'll be on my way.
Will she be able to carry all those heavy— She can.
I was lying about not going. I'll drop you off. Get in.
- I'm not getting in.
- It'll be boring, so let's go together.
I'm not bored.
Do I just have to wait until you leave?
Since we decided not to see each other, I'll get in the back.
Thank you.
Yes.
♫ Every day I find a light to make me shine ♫
I'll see you later.
♫ It's okay if I have to wait a while ♫
♫ Like the feeling when you fall in love ♫
♫ Take me up (take me up), to the stars (to the stars) ♫
♫  I'm feeling raindrops in my hair  ♫
♫ They fall softly ♫
I heard you're going to the wedding hall. It's on my way. Get in.
Do I have to open the door for you?
♫ Just with you ♫
♫  Just like now  ♫
Thank you.
My cousin is having a wedding here.
- Since you brought me all the way here, would you like to eat before you go?
- No.
The king crab here is amazing.
Then I'll treat you next time, thank you.
King crab?
- Congrats, Aunt!
- Thanks, Hari.
- You must be busy.
- I was a bit busy.
Go over there.
Welcome!
Thank you.
You're here.
There was so much traffic.
Why did you come dressed prettier than the bride?
She's embarrassed.
Congratulations. You must be really happy.
Hari couldn't make it because of her work, she is really sorry.
What are you talking about? Hari isn't dead and already arrived!
Go over there.
Congrats!
You look so pretty! I'm about to cry.
People would think you raised me.
I thought you couldn't come.
I tried hard to get here.
I prepared a huge gift.
What?
If you were coming, you should have said so. Even if we make excuses, we gotta work together.
When I thought it over, this is a hot place.
All the single men are gathered here and they want to get married after attending the wedding.
What are you going on about?
Stop shaking.
It's because I'm nervous.
Are you the one getting married? Why would you be?
Next, we have a guest performer
who would like to perform a wedding song to wish the couple happiness.
Our bride's cousin.
Where are you going?
Please come up.
Hari!
What is she doing?
Hello. I'm the bride's cousin, Jang Hari.
I know I look too young to be her older cousin, but still.
I'm a little older than her.
I can't sing well.
I'm lacking but please accept it as
me congratulating my younger cousin's wedding.
Music, cue!
Fill me with love
My love battery must be dead
I can't live without you, I can't live
You're my battery
It's okay if you don't have the perfect face
It's okay if you don't have the perfect body
One that's always there for me
Is the perfect one for me
Please hold me one more time
Hold me like my chest will explode
My love battery is out of juice
I need you
Fill me with love
My love battery must be dead
I can't live without you, I can't live, you're my battery
What are you doing? Why are you blocking my future?
I'm not blocking anything.
You... just...
Why did you come?
Meal ticket.
I never tried king crab before, only flower crab.
Thank you.
The food is this way.
I was about to get lucky, though.
Hari, stop already. You look so desperate.
If you get what I'm doing, help me out.
How old is Eunjoo's husband? 32? 33?
Does he have an older brother? A younger uncle wouldn't be that bad.
Don't embarrass yourself and just eat.
Mom, can you look after him?
- All right.
- I'll be back in a bit.
Hwiseo, your mom will be back soon.
What do you want to eat?
Aw, you eat so well!
You were good at singing.
Hari, you're good at your job, just live alone.
You can't get married and you don't have any kids. It's more comfortable to live alone.
It's fine if you're a little lonely at times.
- You can earn a lot of money and move to Silver Town.
- Yeah.
But have you heard about old people getting beat up there?
That's evil. Evil.
You're right.
Eat up.
I'm going to get married.
My mom should also blow the candle and get congratulated.
If you know someone nice, introduce me. Aunt, if you find someone, set a date right away.
You all heard, right?
The king crabs have come out.
Aunt wait-
Aunt! Aunt!
Caring about snow crabs more than you.
How many men did Aunt introduce to you? There's no one left. Who's going to introduce you when you're forty in two days?
Don't you know the constellation has been cut off for a few years? You're so tactless.
These days, who gets married this early?
No one at your age has yet to get married.
There's no need to hurry. Your partner should show up at any time now.
I thought I couldn't get married because of my bad luck.
You also don't have luck because of me. You don't even know the joy of having a son-in-law and grandchild.
Why don't I know? Is that something so great? I know even though I don't have them.
Also, don't look around me.
Find a man near you.
Don't you know? The Blue Bird will be in the small room of your house.
Why is that there?
Why did you go to Gangnam? I told you that I would come here.
I went to go see someone dance.
Dance?
Jang Hari!
Look, it's the dancer.
Dancer? Where?
- Where?
- It's nothing.
Hello, it's nice to meet you.
It's dinner time, would you like to go out and eat something?
I already ordered. What would you like?
Iced americano.
- What?
- Just a moment!
Should we get going?
I'm going to stay here a little longer. I want another cup of coffee. Their coffee is really good.
That's a hot americano.
Guess I'll have the iced one then.
You heard about me from Jaeyoung, right?
I heard you were married for a little bit.
You must be concerned about meeting a divorcee.
I got looked down on so much because I still hadn't gotten married.
There are times when I think it's better to have been married before.
I got married at 40 as well.
I am sure you never thought you would be unmarried at this age.
Yes.
As you get older, meeting people becomes more difficult.
Actually, it becomes a burden. Right?
I know from my marriage experience, you have to adjust to your spouse and also to your spouse's family.
It's not easy.
Dating and marriage are very difficult.
How about we...
Even if it may take a long time, how about we slowly get to know each other?
If you say slowly for a long time, how much time?
If I get older, it will be difficult to have a child.
Regarding children, as long as you have money, you can have children in your sixties.
Even Trump had his youngest son in his sixties.
Women can't have kids in their sixties.
So if I have approximately 10 years until menopause,
in a year twelve times, in ten years 120 times. I have only 120 chances to get pregnant.
Within that, how many times do you think it is possible?
I couldn't do it for ten years. There is no guy and I don't know when I will get married.
Even then, it needs to be a time when I have plenty eggs.
So I am trying to say that I am jealous.
I am jealous of men.
Ah! Doha!
Did you wake up from your sleep?
Oh! It's okay! It's okay.
[We love to make coffee for the city that loves]
♫ My darling Doha's food. Let's eat food ♫
♫ Let's eat food ♫
Let's eat, but...
♫ Doha's daddy's food. Doha's daddy's... Doha's daddy's... ♫
♫ Daddy's food ♫
Let's go.
Do you live near? I live in this neighborhood.
I didn't think the guy from earlier would share his umbrella with you, so I ran to buy one.
Shall we share an umbrella?
Are you having fun?
You were watching from afar on purpose, right?
Don't get angry.
Don't you know how to apologize?
Why do you always appear at my worst moments to make me feel embarrassed?
What's wrong with you?
Don't follow me.
I mean, I thought immaturely and took a look.  I mean...
I didn't mean to make you feel embarrassed. I am sorry.
Jang Hari! Jang Hari! Jang Ha...
Jang Hari...
Why did this rip?
My clothes!
I'm sorry.
Jang Hari!
What are you doing? What the— What? Ah!
Hari! Are you okay?
- What are you doing?
- You jerk, what do you think you are doing?
Let go of me.
Why are you behaving like this?
Who are you? A burglar? Public security?
What do you do? What's your profession?
How on earth do I look like a burglar or public security?
It's even more suspicious that you are walking around normally.
You! Get over a man that talks to you like this.
What bullshit are you talking about? Let go! Let go!
You're sure something.
You are embarrassing the neighborhood. Seriously.
Look at this.
My boob, boob, boob.
My boob.
Stop
it! Please!
Let go! Let go!
Gosh! Why are you holding this?
Let go!
Anyways, I— I'm sorry.
I didn't know you were her coworker.
He's not my coworker.
We are no different than siblings, so I thought something happened.
You. You should be getting along with your coworkers. Why were you fighting in the streets?
- We're not coworkers.
I mean, how did the blind date go that you were getting yourself wet out in the streets?
Did you fool around and get dumped again?
What do you mean by getting dumped?
Am I some kind of night? An apple? What got dumped?
Can you please talk nicely? You're so mean.
Live controlling your temper.
No, I saw it. Dumped... no, she wasn't turned away.
Would it be better to say that she wasn't rejected?
Anyways, I guess they just didn't click. It wasn't that there was a problem with her.
I don't know why you are trying so hard.
Because I love you, it hurt and I had a hard time.
I'm telling you to go.
I don't want to. I can't break up with you.
Let's stop, Hari.
Why do we have to break up?
Nothing went well since I started dating you.
I'm really tired of this.
If the end was bad, it's nothing.
No matter how much you loved.
Turn it back on.
I'm going to live extremely well, so don't waste your time hating me.
You should also live well.
Where does a parting that doesn't hurt and isn't bad exist?
Whether a person, a memory, or both get hurt,
you gain a person.
[Divorce Form]
I'll take one piece of furniture. See you at court.
Horrible woman.
Sure.
Go ahead and drink, you pitiful one.
Pitiful.
What? Looking at everyone's expressions, there is no love here.
I have never been happy because of a man. Why have I been trying to get married?
I get treated like an old fish at weddings.
Telling me to be miserable instead of getting married. To be happy alone.
Ah! How nice!
How nice.
[Eun Young~]
What a surprise.
Your deadline passed a few days ago, why are you here only now? Do you want to see me die?
Aish, I almost mistook you for a ghost. What is this?
Why are you guys such a nuisance to me?
Get this!
Jaeyeong moved into my house. In the end, my mom did it.
Yoon— Yoon Jaeyeong?
That traitorous bastard, why did he move into your house?
That— That shameless bastard. Why did you take him in? Why?
Sons, come greet your aunt.
Bow.
Hello.
How have you cuties been?
Here, have some.
Oh yeah!
Hey, try taking some counseling sessions. It's getting more excessive, okay?
- Hey, look at my situation. Will you be able to stay sane?
- Goodness.
You have to come over once in a while and play with the kids
for me to, well, live.
What?
Why is it so quiet?
Ji Seojoon! Ji Seoyoon!
I told you guys not to play with the rice!
I can't do this anymore.
You know you can't live without your kids though.
True, I can live without my husband but not without my children.
If you have kids, it's like that, but it's comfortable without them. Hey...
Don't get married, Hari.
It's too hard living as a mom.
You are too used to seeing well-behaved children
and you only interview rich mothers. So you only see the good side of parenthood.
Look at me. Are you jealous of this?
You'll be thankful for your life right now
after you notice you can't even step out to get yourself a cup of coffee.
I can't have children.
I can't even get married, how can I give birth?
I told you not to run.
Is this your house? Ring the doorbell.
Can you grab Doha?
Can you sleep with her tonight? I need to go to my senior's dad's funeral.
Why are you doing this to me?
He did that to my Doha.
Goodness, who did that?
Oh, did he?
Now we have to clean your nose.
You have to sleep now. It's bed time, Doha. Oh, you have a fever.
Oh no!
Doha, are you okay?
You have a fever.
What should I do?
Doha.
Why isn't he picking up his phone?
In the room.
What's wrong?
Wh—Why is she like this? Why is she feeling so down?
- She has a bit of a fever.
- Goodness, she does have a fever.
- Are you looking for a fever reducer?
- It's nothing. Oh!
No. This is it, the baby notebook. I'm going to the emergency room, I'll be back.
Okay. Call me when you can.
- It's not a big deal. Go back to sleep.
- Oh dear, oh dear.
Oh no, my poor baby.
Make sure you eat and try to get some sleep.
Thank you.
Eat before you go, if you're not uncomfortable because of Jaeyoung.
It's not uncomfortable.
It's not because of you. I need to go because I need to help Professor Park with his paper.
You guys don't even stay in touch?
Does Seo Jeongwon ever contact you? You two have a child.
Okay. Stay safe.
Wow. She leaves without saying hi. How cruel. I guess that's how
she became an assistant professor in such a short time.
That's great.
[Jang Rock]
It's bronchitis.
How can you, the mother, be so surprised?
I'm not the mother. I mean, her father...
I can't get in touch with her father. That son of a bi*** must be drunk or crazy.
I see you are taking care of the child of a son of a bi***.
For now, we'll give you three days worth of prescription, so please feed them to her.
If she throws up after falling asleep, she could choke, so make sure to lie her on her side if that happens.
Yes. Yes. Thank you.
I thought my heart was going to fall out.
You were playing alone now that you are feeling all better?
It must have hurt a lot.
You're such a good girl.
Oh? You're smiling?
After bothering your aunt all night?
I wouldn't be able to do it.
How can I raise such a pain in the neck? Right?
It's okay.
I can't do anything about something I can't do, even if I wanted to.
Am I right?
[Dachae Media]
The new edition is out.
Okay.
[the baby]
When you become a mom...
[Dahan Women's Clinic]
Have you decided to get the surgery?
If I get the surgery, I can become infertile. Right?
Yes. The possibility is high.
I'll have a child and get the surgery later on.
Are you getting married?
I can get married when I'm fifty or sixty but having a child is now or never.
I won't get married. I will just have a child.
♫ So I'm gonna say I'll be there ♫
♫ Hug that feeling ♫
♫ Remember. The person that stays by your side  ♫
♫ Open your heart to the person  ♫
♫ that isn't too far from you ♫
[Oh My Baby]
Marriage? I wish someone cool shows up like fate.
But in reality, people call me a ma'am.
You didn't have love cells in the first place.
Stay quiet. Don't fool around or you'll get hit.
Jang Hari, do you still get embarrassed when you see me?
No. I'm really comfortable.
Eutteum, there is no such thing as a theory in the office.
Should we help each other by practicing together?
Do you want me?
Will you do it if I want you?
Don't hate me too much.
Hating someone is harder than liking someone.
♫ Can you see ♫
♫ My eyes that are filled with you ♫